It is rumored that Mr. Qiao is looking for his granddaughter
Just stay in the country
She'd been dying of a heart attack for 20 years.
I'm just afraid of missing the clue of my precious granddaughter abroad
It's so touching.
You deliberately provoked my grandfather
So what?
You can only blame him for hitting the wrong person
Native you son of a bitch
Your information is false
Nangongyuan has no poetry at all
Don't contact me again.
It really killed me.
Nangong Night
You really played a good game of chess.
Don't worry.
You won't be proud for long
grandma
Dear grandson, you have suffered so much.
Why did you come to see grandma now?
grandma
At that time, the pseudonym needle insisted on driving me and my father away
I was thinking
He Yingying will be over after a lifetime of mediocrity
But grandma
Now Nangong Ye and his wife are going to kill them all
I can't help it, I just came to you
Okay, he's a pseudonym needle
Even his son and daughter-in-law are not good things
I never allowed your father to marry her
He was the one who got married
Three wives and four concubines are a man's nature
He was so sexy that he kicked my son out
Don't worry, grandma is here.
I will definitely make up for what you lost
Humph
Nangong Ye was so precious to his wife
Then we'll start with Song Nie
Dare to bully life, you all deserve it
Take grandpa to the hospital
If something happened to my grandpa
I will never let you go.
Stop
If you follow Nangong Group
You don't want it anymore
Nan Nan
In my eyes
Nangong Group is not as good as Song Nianyi's hair
sir
Fortunately, you didn't become like your father
public welfare
It's time to give up your position as president to my dear
Grandson